W-12206229: documentation for type parameter application (#215)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-functions-lambdas.adoc

}
----

== Specify Type Parameters

> Starting from syntax version 2.5, you can specify the type parameters of a function at the call site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in DataWeave syntax version 2.5, you can specify the type parameters of a function at the call site.
```
